Wang Pengfei, get your dirty hands off
What's it to you that my boyfriend hugs me?
Pengfei, thank you for forgiving me and getting back together with me
Oh, right.
Didn't you say that the funds can't be turned around recently?
Thanks for taking it
Thanks, honey.
Here we go.
Oh, thanks, buddy
He also gave us a suite and a car.
Siyu, the room I opened
Brother Fei, you are so nice.
Oops haha Harlem Siyu you will regret it
Incompetent rage
A poor loser still wants to make people regret their dreams
SIMP system
Host gets simp amount 9,000 trillion
500 reserve coins for personal account
What is the simp system simp towel?
alert users
SIMP system is a Kneeling and Licking Muse system
SIMP towel
Allows users to consume in simp actions
Cost per Kneeling Muse
SIMP towel
Will enter the host's private account with 1/10 reward
Become the host's personal property
Who?
Who's that talking?
What is this about?
Not a scum
Please specify Kneel and Lick Muse
It's the sound of the system.
They can't hear you.
So magic phone
As long as you lick women like crazy and spend money for women
You can reach the peak of your life
Lin Siyu, I will make you regret it.
Are you all right?